README.md, before:

# js-base

This is the base project for any [Scout](https://github.com/Scout-NU) open source JavaScript project.

Every JavaScript project at Scout should start by cloning this project. This will ensure all Scout projects have the same starting point as far as code style, code of conduct, contribution guides, and npm scripts.

It's also important that the README follows the structure below. New sections can be added as necessary in between API and Maintainers, but everything here (except Background) should be kept. This will ensure all Scout projects are easy to pick up and use, and that documentation is both present and clear. Everything in this document before the Code of Conduct section should be updated. Everything after those can stay the same :)

Any time you change this repo, you should PR all other repos with the changes. This ensures that all projects have the latest version of this project. In the future it's probably worth looking into making this a generator so projects can update all of their configs and docs by running an npm script.

## Table of Contents

* [Background](#background)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [API](#api)
* [Maintainers](#maintainers)
* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)
* [About Scout](#about-scout)

## Background

Some background information on the project. This section isn't necessary for many projects, but might be nice to have if you want it?

## Installation

How to npm install or if it requires extra setup steps. If it requires changes to configs or package.json or anything that can all go here.

## Usage

How to use the thing. This should include (as applicable) instructions and examples for ESModules, CJS modules, UMD builds, script tags, etc.

## API

A full API doc. This can either be embedded in the README if it's short enough, otherwise extract it to a separate markdown doc and link to the doc.

## Maintainers

#### Adam Markon

_Email_: [amarkon895@gmail.com](mailto:amarkon895@gmail.com)
_Twitter_: [@amarkon88](https://twitter.com/amarkon88)

## Code of Conduct

Scout strives to provide a welcoming, inclusive environment for all users, period. To hold ourselves accountable to that mission, Scout has a strictly-enforced [code of conduct](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Violating those rules will result in removal from the Scout organization, and potentially being banned from contributing to our projects.

## Contributing

We welcome all contributions to our projects! Filing bugs, feature requests, code changes, docs changes, or anything else you'd like to contribute are all more than welcome! More information about contributing to Scout projects can be found in our [contributors' guide](/CONTRIBUTING.md)!

## License

All Scout libraries are [ISC-licensed](/LICENSE). tl;dr: you can use this code however you'd like, just please attribute us appropriately!

## About Scout

<p  align="center">
  <img src="https://web.northeastern.edu/scout/wp-content/themes/scout/images/logo.png" alt="Scout Logo" />
</p>

Scout is Northeastern University's student-led design studio. The Studio has about 45 members selected via interview and application processes to select the university's best talent. Each semester the studio produces design and development assets for four ventures. Check out our [portfolio](https://web.northeastern.edu/scout/portfolio) for some past projects!

Commit message:

update name and improve instructions

README.md, after:

# Open Source

This repository is the home for all [Scout](https://github.com/Scout-NU) open source projects. Dotfiles, contributors guides, and Scout's latest Code of Conduct can all be found here.

Every open source project at Scout should start by cloning this project. This will ensure all Scout projects have the same starting point as far as code style, code of conduct, contribution guides, and npm scripts.

This file also serves as a template for every project's README. New sections can be added as necessary in between API and Maintainers, but everything here (except Background) should be kept. This will ensure all Scout projects are easy to pick up and use, and that documentation is both present and clear. Everything in this document before the Code of Conduct section should be updated. Everything after those can stay the same :)

Any time you change this repo, you should PR all other repos with the changes. This ensures that all projects have the latest version of this project.

When creating a new project, make sure to:

* Find and replace all instances of `open-source` with the new project name.
* Replace the contents of the Code of Conduct with a link to the official CoC in this repository.
* Update the projects' maintainers if the Tech Director isn't maintaining the project

## Table of Contents

* [Background](#background)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [API](#api)
* [Maintainers](#maintainers)
* [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)
* [About Scout](#about-scout)

## Background

Some background information on the project. This section isn't necessary for many projects, but might be nice to have if you want it?

## Installation

How to npm install or if it requires extra setup steps. If it requires changes to configs or package.json or anything that can all go here.

## Usage

How to use the thing. This should include (as applicable) instructions and examples for ESModules, CJS modules, UMD builds, script tags, etc.

## API

A full API doc. This can either be embedded in the README if it's short enough, otherwise extract it to a separate markdown doc and link to the doc.

## Maintainers

#### Adam Markon

_Email_: [amarkon895@gmail.com](mailto:amarkon895@gmail.com)

_Twitter_: [@amarkon88](https://twitter.com/amarkon88)

## Code of Conduct

Scout strives to provide a welcoming, inclusive environment for all users, period. To hold ourselves accountable to that mission, Scout has a strictly-enforced [code of conduct](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Violating those rules will result in removal from the Scout organization, and potentially being banned from contributing to our projects.

## Contributing

We welcome all contributions to our projects! Filing bugs, feature requests, code changes, docs changes, or anything else you'd like to contribute are all more than welcome! More information about contributing to Scout projects can be found in our [contributors' guide](/CONTRIBUTING.md)!

## License

All Scout libraries are [ISC-licensed](/LICENSE). tl;dr: you can use this code however you'd like, just please attribute us appropriately!

## About Scout

<p  align="center">
  <img src="https://web.northeastern.edu/scout/wp-content/themes/scout/images/logo.png" alt="Scout Logo" />
</p>

Scout is Northeastern University's student-led design studio. The Studio has about 45 members selected via interview and application processes to select the university's best talent. Each semester the studio produces design and development assets for four ventures. Check out our [portfolio](https://web.northeastern.edu/scout/portfolio) for some past projects!
